When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You have to create a remote repository when you are working from a different computer and you want to commit something AND when several programmers are working on one file.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

To have a better overview and keep tracking all the changes which have been made. Also when you are working with several programmers it could get confusing when GIT pulls automatically. Maybe there is a conflict. But you wouldn't see it if Git pulls automatically.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

Forks are only on GitHub. If you fork a project it won't be automatically on your local device. If you want to have it locally in your files you need to clone it an pull it to your repository. A branch is like a new working area from your project, it's running parallel to your master, you can work in it without destroying something because it's not effecting the master as long as you are not commiting it to the master. It's runnning locally and on GitHub.
Forks is perfect if you want to work in a file only for you (i.e. a project from someone else) without effecting the original project. Cloning is also if you want to change something in a file but locally. A branch is good when you are working  on project and change something which you still don't now if you want to commit it to the master.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

If you lose your Internet connection or are in a place where is noc internet connection you cann still work on your last version which is stored locally.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
